Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/services/dependency-injection.md

::: info
Refer to this video on **[Injecting services into a command](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4kyx9J1xaQ)** explaining DI based on the example of a custom CLI command.

> It is also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/events-and-di).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For current Academy learning content on dependency injection, service registration, constructor injection, and service decoration, see **[Dependency Injection and Services](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/dependency-injection-and-services)** in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
